Velero installation guide and overrides docs (#4909)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/backup/03-01-install-velero.md

        configuration.backupStorageLocation.bucket: "my-gcp-bucket"
        credentials.secretContents.cloud: |
                    {
                        "type": "service_account",
                        "project_id": "my-project",
                        "private_key_id": "KEY_UUID",
                        "private_key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nPRIVATE_KEY_CONTENTS\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
                        "client_email": "sample@fake.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
                        "client_id": "MY_CLIENT_ID",
                        "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
                        "token_uri": "https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token",
                        "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
                        "client_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/sample%40fake.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
                    }
    ```
    >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero in GCP,  see [this](https://velero.io/docs/v1.0.0/gcp-config/) document.
    </details>
    <details>
    <summary>
    Azure
    </summary>

>     Coming soon...

Reviewer: When? :D Just a question - will we have something here for the release?

Author: Yes, I will work on this right after finishing this docs.

    >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero in Azure,  see [this](https://velero.io/docs/v1.0.0/azure-config/) document.
    

>     </details>

Reviewer: Will there be something here? If not, maybe we can combine two notes?

---

> title: Install velero

Author: Fixed thanks!

type: Details
---

> In order to be able to backup and restore your Kyma cluster, [Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero/) needs to be configured and installed.

Author: Fixed thanks!

## Velero setup

> To sucessfully set up velero, you need to provide a supported storage location and credentials to access it. Please follow the instructions below for the provider of your choosing:

Reviewer: Here we may also add a short note saying, for example:

`Currently, you can install Velero on GCP and Azure. AWS is not supported.` 
and get rid of the AWS tab.

> To sucessfully set up velero, you need to provide a supported storage location and credentials to access it. Please follow the instructions below for the provider of your choosing:

Author: Fixed thanks!

  <div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>
  Google Cloud Platform
  </summary>
  

>   For GCP, you need to have a bucket in `Google Cloud Storage`, and a service account able to access it and store data (and its JSON key).

Author: invalid

>   1. Download the overrides file to your installation folder:

Author: invalid

>       - [Velero Overrides](./assets/velero-overrides.yaml)

Author: Invalid.

>   2. Run the following commands providing the necessary information to replace the placeholders on velero's configuration with your GCP bucket and credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. To replace the placeholders on Velero's configuration with your GCP bucket and credentials, run:
```

Author: Invalid.

      ```bash
          # Set the base64 encoded provider to gcp
          sed -i.bak "s/__PROVIDER__/$(echo -n gcp | base64)/g" velero-overrides.yaml

          # Set the base64 encoded bucket name to the name of your bucket in GCS
          sed -i.bak "s/__BUCKET__/$(echo -n <bucket name> | base64)/g" velero-overrides.yaml
          
          # Set the base64 encoded credentials JSON providing your service account key file
          sed -i.bak "s/__CREDENTIALS__/$(base64 <credentials JSON file path>)/g" velero-overrides.yaml
      ```

>   3. Run the kyma installation with the velero overrides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Run the Kyma installation with the Velero overrides:
```

Author: Fixed thanks!

      <div tabs>
      <details>
      <summary>
      Local installation
      </summary>

      ```bash
      kyma install -o velero-overrides.yaml
      ```
      
      </details>
      <details>
      <summary>
      Cluster Installation
      </summary>
      

>       1. Install Kyma following the [installation guide](/root/kyma/#installation-installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. [Install](/root/kyma/#installation-installation) Kyma.
```
I usually add the link under "install" as it reduces the amount of information :)

Author: Fixed thanks!

>       2. Apply the overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      2. Deploy the `velero-overrides` file:
```
So here we apply the overrides, meaning we deploy the file on the cluster - make it available for the installer, right? If so, I would use `deploy` to not confuse the reader with two lines saying `apply the overrides` and then `use the installer to apply the overrides`. What do you think?

Author: Fixed thanks!

          ```bash
          kubectl apply -f velero-overrides.yaml
          ```

>       3. Trigger the installer to apply the overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      3. Trigger the installer to apply the overrides:
```

Author: Invalid.

          ```bash
          kubectl label installation/kyma-installation action=install
          ```
      
      </details>
      </div>

  >**NOTE:** For more information on Kyma overrides visit the [Installation Overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation) section.

>   >**NOTE:** For more information on configuring and installing velero in GCP visit https://velero.io/docs/v1.0.0/gcp-config/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero in GCP, see [this](https://velero.io/docs/v1.0.0/gcp-config/) documentation.
```

Author: Fixed thanks!

  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  Azure
  </summary>

>   Coming soon...

Reviewer: This part is still under construction?

Author: Yes, I just got an Azure subscription recentlyand need to run some tests before providing a working configuration example.

Anyway, the Azure specific parameters are listed in the configuration section and can be used already.

  >**NOTE:** For more information on Kyma overrides visit the [Installation Overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation) section.

>   >**NOTE:** For more information on configuring and installing velero in Azure visit https://velero.io/docs/v1.0.0/azure-config/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero in Azure, see [this] (https://velero.io/docs/v1.0.0/azure-config/) document.
```

Author: Fixed thanks!

  
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>

>   AWS

Reviewer: If it's not supported, I would remove this tab. We can write in the overview section at the top that GCP and Azure are supported and AWS is not - then we don't need the tab.

Author: Fixed thanks!
